____________
# Credit Card Fraud Detection Using Graph Theoretic Features
## Michael Holtz
____________
## Introduction
This is a body of work dedicated to expanding [Prusti, Das, and Rath's](https://link.springer.com/article/10.1007/s13369-021-05682-9) work using graph theoretic measures such as degree centrality, pagerank, and LPA community detection, to improve the performance of various machine learning models on [Lopez-Rojas'](https://www.researchgate.net/publication/265736405_BankSim_A_Bank_Payment_Simulation_for_Fraud_Detection_Research) synthetic credit card transaction dataset. Early runs are dedicated to replicating the main results of the paper, while later runs seek to generate novel results by exploring other features and considering new ways of constructing the graph. This repository does not represent finished work. 

## Structure of repository
The repository consists of 5 basic directory types.  
1.  Notebooks
    This directory holds jupyter notebooks used for rapid prototyping and testing. None of the results and figures are generated using the code in this directory.
2.  Scripts 
    These are programs that are run to generate the results and figures. 
3. Feature data
    These C.S.V.s are generated by each run of the create_datasets.py file. They are grouped by run. Each file contains a subset of features derived from a common graph. C.S.V.s from different runs should not be run together. 
4. Score data
    These C.S.V.s contain the scores generated by the run_models.py file on a group of feature data C.S.V.s. They are used to generate the figures found in the figures directory.
5.  Figures
    Graphs and tables illustrating the results of a run. The goal of these figures is to quickly show a reader the effectiveness of a certain feature/set of features. 
